#summary BlizzTV changelog
#labels Featured,Documentation,Development

*19.01.2010 - 0.19-beta (r324)*
----
 * Re-enabled the justin.tv stream support though it's -*NOT STABLE*- yet (the justin.tv player just refuses to work on some computers).
 * Update notification texts, they're now more descriptive. 
 * Streams module will no longer show zero as available count if no streams are online.
 * Fixed the bug with 'Start BlizzTV on system startup' where non-administrator computer users were not able to use the option. From now own, if the user misses the required administrative permissions on computer, the option will be disabled.
 * Treeview on main window now recognizes the Enter key.
 * Improved internal-providers handling.
 * Player windows do now have dragging support.
 * Improved the internal http-data reader and it now support's timeout (with a default value of 30 seconds).
 * Updated the video module's icon.
 * Updated the notifications icon.
 * Archived notifications window list columns will also get resized when the window itself is resized.
 * Updated stream player window title, it's now in Stream: %title% format.
 * Updated video players window title, it's now in [%channel%]: %title% format.
 * Fixed a few quirks in events-calendar window (the event details will now come-up on double-click instead of a single click on an event and date selection control has tab-stop enabled). 
 * Events module will now filter out teamliquid calendar's tags which renders the event description more readable.
 * Fixed a bug in atom 1.0 and rss 2.0 parsers of feeds module.
 * Fixed a few quirks & bugs in preferences window.
 * Improved the single-instance-only mechanism. It does now bring the actual instance's main window to foreground instead of showing a message box when user tries to start another instance. It also supports wake-up from system tray.
 * Fixed a bug with main-window minimization routines. 
 * Main window, player window, event-details window and calendar window will now recognize their size. Main window will also recognize it's position on desktop.
 * Archived notifications can be cleaned up by also right-click the icon on main window.
 * Implemented a brand new progress & loading animation on main windows status-strip.
 * Fixed a bug that was related with subscriptions-storage. You should now be able to both add day9's youtube and blip.tv channels together as subscriptions for videos module.
 * Modules will now render a error icon when needed on their corresponding treeview items.
 * Catalog window now supports sorting by columns.
 * Fixed the flickering problem for listview in catalog window.
 * Catalog window now also supports filtering of items.
 * Fixed a bug with dependency-checker when no sound device was available to use with audio-engine, it was running an incorrect dependency-rule.
* Audio-engine is now also aware now of available sound-devices. It'll no more crash the application if no sound device is available to be used.

*31.12.2010 - 0.18b-beta (r291)*
----
 * Implemented a dependency-checker rule for installing Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Redistributable Package (x86) on missing systems (which is required by audio engine). It solves the crashes while loading the modules.
 * Latest version seems to introduce a bug on restoring window from system tray not focusing the window. Fixed it.
 * Fixed a nasty UI-layout bug in catalog window.
 * Improved updater routines.

*30.12.2010 - 0.18-beta (r283)*
----
 * Improved the item-state tracking routines. 
 * Read items icons are now grayscaled, instead of differentiation using bold-regular text styles.
 * Updated the icon-set.
 * Implemented stream, video and feed catalogs which now you can add subscriptions from these hand-pick resources.
 * Implemented audio & streaming engine.
 * Implemented audio support for notifications.
 * Implemented download manager API.
 * Updater can now download the update file on it's own and execute the update process.
 * Dependency checker can now download the Adobe Flash Player runtime and start installing if it's missing from  the user's system.
 * Implemented subscription renaming support for modules.
 * Implemented stand-alone settings window for module (which can be accessed through context-menu).
 * Added icons to module & item context-menu's.
 * Player window in borderless-mode will now show a moving-cursor while dragging.
 * Updated the default subscriptions file which will now include a basic subset.
 * Implemented a start on system-startup option.
 * Settings window tab-control is now set to multi-line mode.
 * Improved module's settings window layouts.
 * Added a global notification switch.
 * Added notification switches for modules.
 * Most of the appropriate child windows are now set parent-center.

*17.12.2010 - 0.17b-beta (r241)*
----
 * Applied hotfix for a bug that was preventing opening worldofwarcraft.com and starcraft2.com atom feed stories.

*17.12.2010 - 0.17-beta (r237)*
----
 * Implemented a brand new module: BlizzBlues - which will aggregate latest Blizzard GM blue posts from forums.
 * Improved feed modules feed handling capabilities. It can now also parse Atom 1.0 feeds and so the Blizzard ones. Added WorldofWarcraft.com and Starcraft2.com feeds to default subscriptions.
 * Improved main icon's resolution, it will look better on your desktop now.
 * Implemented borderless-window support for video & stream modules players (including the chat window). You can also drag the window in borderless-mode.
 * Item's in treeview now implements their own icon.
 * Main form will now pay attention who's requesting to close the form (so that you don't have to explicitly exit BlizzTV when you're rebooting or shutting down).
 * Double-clicking a credit item on About window will now open corresponding url.
 * Archived notifications window now snaps to main window and shows item icons.
 * Alarm window will now close when user clicks on view event button.
 * If an event is just about to start (in <5 mins) the user is warned about so and not allowed to create an alarm.
 * Added URL format hints for streams & videos modules add subscription window.
 * When a new Own3D.TV stream is added using drag & drop, user will now be asked for the stream's name.
 * Re-factored code.
 * Started writing unit-tests as maintaining the code without them became quite pain in the ass.

*07.12.2010 - 0.16-beta (r203)*
----
 * Added drag/drop subscription support. You can now drop a channel link from youtube to BlizzTV main window and you'll be get subscribed to channel (works for streams & feeds to).
 * Videos and streams modules now allow adding of a new subscription directly by the web-link.
 * Major changes on code architecture, plugin's are no more dll's but embedded modules on main executable - which still get loaded dynamically. The best news is no more plugin dll's spread around.
 * Feeds, streams and videos module will now notify about fresh content.
 * Implemented an initial configuration wizard which will guide new users on modules to start with.
 * Settings will be now stored in an ini file and will allow future version updates to preserve your settings.
 * When modules spams new notifications (when there already exists an active notification in system tray) they'll be queued on and notification icon on main window status strip will appear. Clicking it will show you the notifications archived. 
 * Improved item status tracking (the main-window treeview item's status).
 * Implemented a new subscriptions & provider API for module's use (yes, no more xml config files spread around). If users machine lacks a subscriptions.db, a default one will be copied over and get used.
 * Sleep Mode will now show an icon on main window's status strip.
 * Improved dependency check routines.
 * You'll be no more allowed to de-activate modules that are currently updating data.
 * Added a FAQ menu for main window.
 * Added a Spread the word menu for the main window.
 * Minor updates on About window, it now will feature a main version number only. Also added a button for viewing the changelog.
 * Grammatical fixes in main window's menu-name's.
 * Cosmetic changes on presences window and some minor bug-fixes.
 * You'll see an updating icon (near the progress bar) when some module update's it's data.
 * Improved log & debug console's output format.
 * Events plugin will now instantly check events for any valid notifications as soon as it gets loaded.
 * Some cosmetic changes on event viewer window.
 * Flash player / chat windows for a specific item will no more be allowed to open more than once. When you double-click a video that's already open, it's active window will get focus.
 * Fixed a bug in streams plugin that was related about chat-availability of providers.
 * Chat window's for stream module can snap to it's parent player window.
 * Removed justin.tv provider until further update as their player's bugged-to-hell.

*26.11.2010 - 0.15-beta (r137)*
----
 * Improved the user interface responsiveness a lot. It should freeze even during plugin updates.
 * Fixed the video stuttering/lagging bug while plugin's updates (related with above fix).
 * Improved automatic updates checks feature.
 * We do have now shiny new icons.
 * Fixed a bug in Setup Alarm window.
 * Improved plugin update routines, they'll not try to run update again while an update is in progress.
 * Cosmetic changes in About window.
 * Implemented sleep mode when enabled plugin's will not update data and run notifications.
 * Fixed a bug related with LibFeeds,LibVideos and LibStream's automatic update interval setting.
 * Changelog will no more be included with releases but instead available over: http://code.google.com/p/blizztv/wiki/Changelog.

*24.11.2010 - 0.14b-beta (r122)*
----
 * Applied hotfix for bug that causing internal stream player crashing with providers that have no chat-support (own3d.tv).
 * Stream players context-menu item open chat will be disabled if stream provider does not support chat.
 * Fixed bug for ustream's chat window's.

*24.11.2010 - 0.14-beta (r119)*
----
 * Added a day filter to LibEvents plugin's settings (Number of days to Show Events On Main Window).
 * Implemented alerts for Events plugin.
 * When update checks are triggered from main menu it'll show a result notification for both if an update is available or not.
 * Checking for updates no longer block the UI.
 * Implemented chat window functionality streams (as of right now LiveStream and Ustream supports it).
 * Implemented on-top functionality for LibEvents and LibVideos plugins players.
 * Implemented a custom flash player wrapper.
 * The new custom flash player detaches default context-menu and allows custom attaching new ones by the plugin.
 * Updated plugin descriptions.
 * Also added donation link in About window for whom interested in supporting the project.
 * Improved About window, added credits section. 
 * Fixed a bug in internal video player which was sometimes preventing going fullscreen.

*20.11.2010 - 0.13-beta (r103)*
----
 * Fixed a bug with setting serializer which will now correctly locate plugin assemblies.
 * Implemented manual refresh context-menu support for LibFeeds,LibVideos and LibStreams. 
 * Implemented 'Mark All As Read/Watched' context menu for LibFeeds and LibVideos.
 * Improved plugin-manager's plugin scan code.
 * Re-structured project output, plugin and and their xml data will now reside in \plugins directory.
 * Renamed settings.storage file as settings.
 * Renamed key-value pair db directory as storage.
 * Renamed videos plugin as 'LibVideos'.
 * Implemented subscriptions editor for LibFeeds, LibStreams and and LibVideos plugin and updated their xml structure
 * Implemented own3d.tv provider for streams.
 * Renamed main menu to 'File'.
 * Fixed treeview double-click bug. When a user expand's a parent treeview node, child's double-click handlers will no longer get triggered (Issue40). 
 * Improved treeview node handling (Issue47).
 * Implemented Blip.TV provider for LibVideos plugin which means yes fresh day9 :) (Sidenote: Blip.tv player as of right now does not support autoplay and resizing).
 * Added a basic dependency checker which implements as of right now a Adobe Flash Player dependency check.
 * The project is now build as targeted to 32-bit (as if we target AnyCPU or x64, a 32-bit adobe flash player dll can't be load). Though our 32-bit targeted output's will also work in a 64-bit OS environment. 
 * Fixed Event details window bug (Issue35) where it was warning about a missing assembly.

*14.11.2010 - 0.12-beta (r78)*
----
 * Improved Events plugin event-checking code.
 * Implemented plugins menu.
 * Implemented update checking function and is configurable in preferences window.
 * Improved memory managment for plugins and listitems.
 * When a plugin is enabled/disabled, after applying the settings, the plugin will instantly start running / get killed.
 * Added configuration option for hiding to system tray. Also when minimized the main window will no longer in Alt-Tab menu's.
 * Fixed UI blocking bug of Events plugin.
 * Implemented progress bar on main-form.
 * Improved error handling for Feeds, Events and Video Channels plugins which will show the errors on Treeview instead of a blocking MessageBox.
 * Implemented auto-play setting for Video Channels plugin.
 * Users are now able to configure set amount of videos to query for Video Channels plugin.
 * users are now able to configure data-update period for Video Channels, Feeds and Streams plugins.
 * Users are now able to configure notification settings for Events.
 * Improvements in key-value storage database.
 * Implemented plugin's settings tabs.
 * Plugins can now define their own settings.
 * Added support for plugin settings tabs which are now rendered on Preferences window.
 * Improvements on plugin architecture.
 * The application now checkes for it's existing instances and will only allow running one instance at a time.
 * Fixed bug with settings storage file's where we're not be able to distribute a default settings file with releases.

*11.11.2010 - 0.11-beta (r60)*
----
 * Implemented event details window. 
 * Events plugin will not notify about upcoming & inprogress events (though timer values are hardcoded for now).
 * Plugins now can update their data (though timer values are hardcoded for now). Feeds, Streams and Videos plugins now will update their data frequently.
 * Implementing Mark As Read/Unread support for Feeds plugin, Mark as Watched/Unwatched support for Video Channels plugin.
 * Improved plugin key-value pair storage API.
 * Changed treeview rendering font to Tahoma to get a better looking.
 * The application will not die when user closes main form but will stay in system tray until user explicility exits it using the menu.
 * Commented most of the code.
 * XML-commented the LibBlizzTV, so that plugin developers now will see IntelliSense hints while coding a plugin.
 * Hardened code with proper exception & error handling.
 * Implemented a calendar view for LibEvents plugin.
 * Added support for local time conversion for event date & time's.
 * Added brand new plugin LibEvents, as of right now basically syndicates events from TeamLiquid.
 * Implemented treeview item context menu support for plugins.
 * Plugins now can register their own menu's on main window.
 * Implemented a basic xml editor for plugin data's. 
 * Implemented logging support (for debugging purposes).

*08.11.2010 - 0.10-alpha (r35)*
----
 * The very basic functional but "non-stable" alpha for testers.